Today is 22nd April 2016. Please do a latest website about latest nextjs version shadcn-ui version and tailwindcss version of the package and create a new project in this workspace. Do not create any other new folder; just inside this folder create a new project.Do a website about the best and next best packages for creating a website right now and install all of the best packages on our website. Like:
nextjs
better-auth
drizzle
turso database
shadcn-ui
tailwindcss
zod
zustand
react-quaery
offline database
prefetch
caching
biome for linting and formatting
Do a web search and latest packages for nextjs projects add in our website please add all of them correctly!!!

Use bun as the package manager

And this is "quadra" project edms!!!

And this is "quadra" project edms!!! and please do web search about shadcn-ui and its cli and install packages - create pro readme - lint format and build this project

diceui table added

Good now please search for the latest npm packages that have gone viral in these times or are very useful for our product. Just give a description of the whole package and what they do so that I can choose if we need to implement it in our project or not.

Awesome now please add these new packages to our project. Also please do the latest comprehensive website about shadcnUI and its components. It has many packages or UI component libraries like Magic UI as an UI and things like that. Please do research and pre-update the @AGENTS.md

Please make this nextjs src project to not have the src and put everything outside of the src folder

And in our website please create latest nextjs version auth and middleware for authentication - we will only support email and password input using better-auth and drizzle with turso database - in the root env file you can find the keys for turso database - so first please use our os wsl shell with inline turso-cli to access the database and there please drop all the tables and data and create a new authentication and then apply it in our os and for the login screen please use video back in the hexed/edms folder in the left and on the right please put email name. role(edms related) password  and auth please show our current page.tsx page

Please do a latest websearch about how to do auth in nextjs latest version as today is 23 april 2026 as they don't use middleware as they use proxy nowadays

Good now if I am not authenticated then it will show the login page and make sure that the login page uses our shadcn-ui components correctly!!!

Even I am not loged in but still its showoing the / page instead of going to the login page

Nowadays we use proxy.ts file instead of middleware.ts file so please fix it

Now no need to run the server again and again - please make the video container on our login page have some border radius. Make the whole right side login container have the full right side like the left side video container. Inside the video container learn from the text pdms logging testimonial carousel and use Primer Motion to render a carousel-like text effect as the file.

Okay let's start from the top left side. On the top left side there should be a logo with our Vadra name Vadra demo. On the test terminal carousel there is no need to put our branding as we already did our branding on the top left. Only show the testimonials in the center. The video screen should have less border radius and will grow to have more height. On the right side currently you are putting the login boxes in a container but it will not work like that. It will not be inside any container. Remove that border radius and put the right side login text in the bottom most bottom only. The create new account and forms will be in the center and on the login right side there will be a chatcnyui select element with different kinds of account roles. When we select it or we will be creating an account by that role.

On our database please put user@gmail.com admin@gmail.com and first users for all roles and put different powers to them and properly create the rbac correctly

After successful authentication please redirect the user to the home page. On the home page please remove everything; just keep the table. Instead of showing dummy data on the table please show our database data on the table and render the authentication details on the table so that we can manage all the users (create read update and delete) through the data table. On the home page please put a theme switcher. No need to put that theme selector; just when we click the Create button it is just to toggle between light and dark theme and by default please use dark theme.

Our login page is complete. First make sure our login page is fully responsive on a mobile device. Please put the role selector or sign up at the most top with full width and put the theme together right beside it on the left side. On mobile screen put the theme together on the right side and make it totally responsive. Now we have to make sure our source code is properly professional with ten out of ten quality. Please make sure all files are formatted linked and that every file has professional code so that it's very good for maintainability. Make sure all folder structures are correct and brutal is just them. If you see many things suspicious let's place to implement best folder check for our whole project correctly.

Please create proper documention about our current status and goal to make our quadra the edms possible - and for ai agents please put alway use root CHANGELOG.md instead of creating stupid markdown files here and there update the README its very important and also use TODO.md file track what ai is doing what the status and things like that and create put that if users asks for x do exactly x not anything stupid - and do latest web search and always tend to use latest packages by using package manager that's will use latest version of all packages and also ask users for clarification question is lost with option with numbers but don't ask simple stuffs that may waste time in those cases do web search and if a task is very complex then have a 3 tries rules so if you fail to do something for straight 3 time then create a help file asking help to better ai and put all details in the file and ask user questions and do latest web search for solutions insead of messiong things up - in here we maintain folder structure code quality documentation and seriously for future maintainability so all ai agents must follow these rules!!!

On this project for image uploads we will use imgbb and for any other files input we will use catbox in the env there is imgbb api key so in our / page please create a to inputs to store and render the files using those connected on our project correctly and in our turso database we will store only the unique parts of the data like not the repeative imgbb url just the unique id same for catbox so please do a latest web search about them and in our / page please create two inputs for their storage correctly working on our project

Bro what are you doing - create scripts to test all the turso database connections directly instead of guesing things - use a scripts so that we can mimic real users apis to check for errors instead of me manually giving you errors like these:

And we don't care about email verification will add later so just skip that so that our auth works correctly only email password names roles there are the thing we care so configure them correctly

On the homepage I told you to use our table not a custom data-table so please our correctly table correctly

Oh this is a critical flaw - why you even though of evne using native html instead of using shadcn-ui componets - please nver do that and put this details int the AGENTS.md file critically

Now this is a very critical task - so please at the new tablecn folder and in there is the real tablecn codebase so alonside our users table in our homepage please render the data-table example of that by copying its files and also it has a theme in the globals please copy those into our main project and make it as the our default theme  and remember it carefully I don't care about other examples but the data-table first exmpple should be excactly as the tablecn example copy everything folder install every deps it has but I want that data-table exactly how it is with the same demo json - just copy and configure in our main project correctly no custom stuffs needed!!!

Now remove our current user table - and only keep the demo table and insead of showing demo data pleas show user data but please don't change any ui stuff as the reason we are removing the user table as it has edit and delete text instead of button so pleas put that in the action more icon and like that ui principles of that demo table - and when we reload again and again the user table was fetching so pelase cache it correclty so it don't don that flashing on the table!!!

And make that as our project's default data-table and remove all other data-table from our codebase other than that and properly document it and funtionalities

In here we maintain folder structure code quality documentation and seriously for future maintainability so apply it correctly!!!

Now please search about search engine UI admin driver sidebar and please update our current driver sidebar to be a collapsible sidebar. Remove all the items and put items related to our edms project - and in our dashboard sideheader please put avatar notification bell and theme toggle buttons on the top right to left and in the sidebar make the items collapsible sidebar and it should have these items with these icons

Now swap the color of the sidebar instead with the sidebar's main background. Only swap the color; no need to change the variables or anything. Swap the underlined colors in globals.css as the opposite colors suit the diode more nicely. Also in the extended sidebar between the sidebar nav top item and other nav items don't put any gaps.And in the Sidebars Scroll Area when we click on the scroll area please make sure to render search in your context menu and put an item to search and go to any pages of our admin dashboard items.

Always show the border but the border but on hover just from transborder to real border dashboard boreder in this way when we apply border on hover it will not mess up with the hieght of the sidebar

Good now please analize all changes and then commit changes and create pro commit and also please lint and format all files
PS F:\hexed\quadra> bun run dev
$ next dev
▲ Next.js 16.2.4 (Turbopack)
- Local:         http://localhost:3000
- Network:       http://192.168.0.105:3000
- Environments: .env.local .env
✓ Ready in 447ms

 GET / 200 in 1829ms (next.js: 95ms proxy.ts: 1179ms application-code: 556ms)
[browser] Encountered a script tag while rendering React component. Scripts inside React components are never executed when rendering on the client. Consider using template tag instead (https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/template). 
[browser] Uncaught Error: Hydration failed because the server rendered HTML didn't match the client. As a result this tree will be regenerated on the client. This can happen if a SSR-ed Client Component used:

- A server/client branch `if (typeof window !== 'undefined')`.
- Variable input such as `Date.now()` or `Math.random()` which changes each time it's called.
- Date formatting in a user's locale which doesn't match the server.
- External changing data without sending a snapshot of it along with the HTML.
- Invalid HTML tag nesting.

On the loading page please only render loader-2 roading icon in the center on loading nothing else is needed and make sure to make 404 and other pages professinal using our compoentsna and theme colors and make everything professinal and beautiful!!!

Now is its the latest best practices on nextjs projects or do we need anything more? Do a latest web search and if we need some new pages then create them. Use our components and theme colors throughout all pages.

Now these are very basic errors pages so please create creative animated errors pages with framer-motion animation and always use theme colors and shadcn-ui components

Still the sideabr accordion items are flashing - they should stray as they are are correctly and also my main problem is the top stupid icon circle so please replace it with any kind shapes and anything interestiong by doing we search about shadcn-ui components for these stuffs

In our scroll area component add scrollbar tag. Please put the most z-index so it shows on top of everything.

Good now today is 23 April 2026. Please do your latest website about the latest next days' practices and folder structure and create all error 404 and other pages and make all types of pages so that our project can be professional.

So about the acoring not staying still on the sidebar so please create a ai help file and ask better ai for help and its a remote ai so please mention all useful code as it can't have any direct access to the codebase!!!

1. we have to update those to be our shadcn-ui components
2. THEY will be just be direct pages of our dashboard - we already added sidebar items of those files those are the real pages that we have to render in the dashboard layout pages correctly
3. we have to it to be our dashboardlayout as layout is not needed just the pages are fine
4. use exiting ones and it has many more stuffs so merge
5. merge it and move them into our files instead of keeping them in the edms folder and place them in our folder structure correctly
6. this is a big tasks so that's why we will do it one by one
Now we have two options as those pages are the representations of the root index.html file - so the goal is to put edms related pages into our dashbaord so we can use the edms react files and update them to be our current project and look at the index.html and then directly create new files into our dashboard pages - now you choose what should we do?

Awesome now please implment it one at a time and make sure not do any git commit as I will do it manually - you just configure everything correctly!!!

And remmeber any pages that uses previous data-table will use our currnet projects compoents/data-table!!!

Please continue where you left and fix it correctly

And in our edms folder in the root there is theme-editor so please implement it in our project correctly with shadcn-ui components and in there there is also a notifiaction popover please move it into our real dashboard header notitification popover!!!

Like these way please keep fixing pages 3 in one time and fix all of them and please don't stop until you fix all of them and instead of building it again and again first check for typescirpter errors as building is more resource heavy

After doing everything please tell me how many files do you have in our project to workgive me a summary of all the project files this workspace has.

Now that we copied all the files in the EDMS root folder to our own project and configured them we can safely remove the EDMS folder from the root as we have no business with them now

adi#2005

So as you can see in the root edms folder there are many pages and components related to edms. We have to integrate it in our current website so please create a plan to integrate it in our current website.

Now that all the admin dashboard sidebar pages are correctly configured please create script files to test all the dashboard pages and all of its APIs. Make sure all the database queries are correctly configured with each other and make sure that the whole website has no errors or warnings and also lint and format the whole website.

Awesome now let's start working on the element in the room. Currently the user popover menu is just damaged so please make sure to implement all the features correctly.
- Show the user's email and name with a login/logout button or logging done.
- Work on the notification popover and make it a virtual notification popover as it is currently just horizontal stuff. Please make it a big vertical tab with an archive inbox then add tabs with a border bottom highlighter as the tabs with a trigger.
- Work on the favicon and admin dashboard side header logo. Please use our public logo and favicon there.

Please fix these warnigns: [browser] Image with src "http://localhost:3000/logo-dark.svg" has either width or height modified but not the other. If you use CSS to change the size of your image also include the styles 'width: "auto"' or 'height: "auto"' to maintain the aspect ratio. + On the User Profile bar it should show the User Actual Email and Name instead of a dummy User and Name. Currently our sidebar is not showing the full app sidebar so please make sure to show it correctly.

Its not showing the collapsed sidebar and the sidebar footer is organization not the profile - the profiel is in the top right - if there is no user image keep showing the shadcn logo for user and evil-rabbit for organization but their details must actual like name email organization ane and things like that as we are treating the images for default images for new users

The favicon still has not been updated with our latest favicon; it is still showing the default version of the favicon. Please remove it and use our main favicon correctly. On the side header where we are showing our logo there is a container with a hardcoded color. Please make that color an animating color so that after some time it gets a random color.

Please look at the root new edms folder and please copy its files related to the reports page new transmittal page and theme editor page and please add them to our project with our project shadcn-ui components and database database correctly

Good nowp please configure our theme editor page with 40+ themes with some components showcase withour shadnc-ui components instead of the midday-ui components with color-picker correctly in this route "/theme"

Please look at the root tweakcn folder folder and from that folder please copy files related to the theme editor. There are many features of the theme editor but take the main features like the theme presets and things like that. Give the things that will make our theme editor better and we will use our Satchel UI Minimal UI code Premium but we will have a good color maker flow. Please copy the color maker from the tweakcn with the theme faces and its types. After you copied stuff and configured it in our project then delete that tweakcn folder.

Until this point "2aec9165f8b185f52fba5be8a95cb3da6ae15b91" git commit our admin dashboard sidebar was using icon sidebar on collapse but now its closing not showing that icon sidebar - so please show that icon sidebar - this is you only task please deeply check why its fully closing the sidebar instead of showing the icon sidebar on collapse and fix it be icon sidebar again but please don't change anything unrelated to that!!!

In that tweackcn project the theme was like an editor but in this case we don't need to show any developer-related stuff; it's just a theme changer in our case. On the right please render more Shadchain UI components. Remove the primary/secondary color preview. On the right preview add many Shadchain UI components on there. Currently we are making the UI of the theme wizard to render icons but please don't do that. Just make it selectable with only the name of the preset there. Put all the font selector and other selector correctly in our theme editor with good UI.

Please put way lot more shadcn-ui components - with some shadnc-ui comoennts demo with cards and icons not only single components - put as much components with demo as possible but don't put components like progress and most standable components - wire some exaples demo and render it there correctly!!!

Choose from beautiful themes or customize your workspace with colors fonts and layout.

Good now we only need to do these two changes:
1. When clicking on the according sidebar please link it to the first child of that sidebar item.
2. Currently the sidebar footer organization is just dummy but now we have to make it functional. Still keep that image the same as it's the default organization email but make the name and other underlined staff functional. There isn't a way to configure organization or create organization so we will do it like that: when we create a user or any kind of user it will automatically create an organization. The organization will be a way to connect to team members and it will be automatically created. The organization will be the username. Delete organization and so please put that in our tool store database and configure it correctly.

Actually there is really no need to even bother with the organization so put a reason so that the organization puts some value into our website. No need to be a big one; just make sure it somehow puts some value in our current website.

In both the header profile popup and the sidebar footer organization popup there are stuff that we don't have any functional implementations of like the organization has no member or any kind of organization setting functionality. Also the profile doesn't have any billing functionality. Only put items that are functional in our current website so that nothing is dummy

Now even though they will have no other items on the new transmittal page they are at two documents. Where did they come from?
1. Let all the data not render any kind of dummy data.
2. If there is no data they should gracefully say "No data found" so that the user can create it instead of showing any kind of dummy data.

And if we click on the items from our app-sidebar it's like reloading the whole website and making the app-sidebar expanded again. Please use local storage and if it is app-sidebar then keep it app-sidebar all along.

I told you don't put any kind of dummy items. I strictly mentioned that just render an obvious detail about the user like what account role they are and things like that instead of putting any kind of dummy data or putting nothing.

And on organization say it like this Admin's organimzation we in that way we have something to on the popover

On these pages getting these 404 errors so please fix them:
General
Numbering
Disciplines
Document Types
Stakeholders
Workflow

You know what? For the profile and organization create some new database schemas and fields and in there please put some users' and organizations' data. Make admin dashboard pages real pages and in those real pages put the ability to actually change the data. In this way we will have some simple data edited by those items so it will not only look nice but also be professional too as simle as possible

Awesome! Now please make the newly created pages look good with search anyway components and link them correctly in the popup words and in the sidebar header at the logo. We are showing a random color after some time right? Please make sure that when we click it it will change to any random color directly. Keep changing the color after some time but also put something so that when we hover over or click on that logo it will change the color instantly too

Now we are in the end game. For every single admin dashboard page:
1. Create a separate script.
2. Run the web dev server.
3. Use that script to check whether all the APIs of those admin dashboard pages are working or not.
4. Debug and test all of them one by one; don't mess it up by trying to do all at once.
5. Slowly but steadily test all of them.
6. If something is suspicious then fix it right away.
7. Carefully look at the frontend rendering code too.
8. If there is a loop connection between the API and UI then fix that too instantly.  After making the whole admin dashboard all the pages functional report to me.
Bro I am talking about all dashboard pages and there are 20+ dashboard pages so please use some data and try to send vai the api and test all the pages listed in the sidebar one by one and fix all the errors and stuffs

Good now please switch to brutal mode and try to get any small errors or issues possible and then list them like you are a bounty hunter. Your job is to strictly check all the files for any kind of errors so that nothing is misconfigured. Everything should be configured correctly. Look for any kind of problems.

Now good but in may pages we are not gracefully saying that there are not data instead maybe we are not showing anything or messing things up as there are many pages please look for these types problem and fix all of them one by one systemitically

On the dashboard instead of showing the /dashboard page as default please show the /project route as the default page and remove the dashboard from the sidebar item too. Currently the login page is trying to load on the dashboard layout but please make it so that it gets its own layout in a new layout way that has the full height and width so that it can render correctly.

Good now please switch to brutal mode and try to get any small errors or issues possible and then list them like you are a bounty hunter. Your job is to strictly check all the files for any kind of errors so that nothing is misconfigured. Everything should be configured correctly. Look for any kind of problems.

If you find anything then please auto fix all the errors - lint and format all the files - then do a 'bun tsc --noEmit' typeshcek if it shows any errors so please fix them and then run "bun run build" after that please create a pro commit - and git commit it correctly!!!

Now get serious as we have to implement UI testing for all the pages and components in our website throughout our whole website correctly. Do the latest website and search for the latest best packages to do UI testing. As today is 24th April 2026 implement it correctly so that we can test all of our website UI in one go. Then please test all the pages and components of our whole website so that we can fix all the errors before they even happened. Your sole desire and aim is to get all the errors possible so that they don't happen on production. Get serious and make sure that all the tests are corrected in a way so that they can catch any kind of errors and you fix the errors right away. Our site should have no kind of error and at least not a bigger one at all.

On locally its working but in the login page on production getting these errors so please use windows invoke check is there any database connection in the prod or not??
api/auth/sign-in/email:1 
 Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 403 ()
0kp8.01vkowv0.js:9 Auth error: Error: Sign in failed
    at v (0kp8.01vkowv0.js:9:8468)
v	@	0kp8.01vkowv0.js:9
Use windows invoke command use curl and play dump when its asks for url

Do the latest web search. As of next day in these days use  Don't use middleware as we use proxy.ts so please identify the prod auth issue and fix it correctly

And on reports page there its showing this "No accessible projects found. Please contact your administrator." is in a red alert so please means in destructive colors but please use primary alert there

Ok now we are in the serious business. For every torso database table please see some data and use the Windows command to check that all the pages are rendering the data correctly or not and then delete all the data again. Please do that test as fast as possible and brutally test it and if you find any pages not working correctly then fix that page instantly.

Please readd a time for every tables items so that I can manually test everything and also please use unslash image as image and render it correctly in our project for now and then after I manully tell you everyting is working then you can remove the data later

Good now on our website please do these:
On the workflow page the workflow sheet needs some padding and its items are not usable; they are maybe disabled somehow so please enable them correctly. On the bulk upload page the bulk upload is not working so please use Excel sheet upload directly in there and make it functional with other data import using latest base npm practices for them.

See how we added some user useful ui changes in the create-project sheet so please check all other create and crud sheet on our projects in those components please check brutally does any of them has any html native elements or not and please replace them with shadcn-ui components correctly and also if possible then create lib function of these types featurs and in all of the places add these types of features!!!

Good now as in may pages we have slug so please update our dahsboard sideheader top route name to use shadcn-ui bredcum components correctly for better ui and ux also as the routes slugs are scary to read so please create a slugs to proper names mapping and use that mapping to show the proper names in the bredcum components.

so please look our admin dashboard header as please make fixed on the absolute on the top correctly so that it don't gets scrolled pased

In our documents page - there is a button called new document button is redirectlying to a document upload page but there showing a sheet to uplaod document so directly put the sheet in that page and also plese look look at the project create sheet as there we you can see we have added auto generated numbers auto location auto date and things like that so please add these types of auto feild complete for better ui and user experience in all of our sheets and specially look at the create workflow sheet as in there the select user is showing no data but its required so please make sure that it featches correctly - and look for all the and please add auto complete features like the projects create sheet

Bro you are a professinal bug scanner like to check for all dummy misconfigured functionalities and ui issues so please check these project more deeply and check all kinds of these ypes of issues - and give me brutal throuths like dummy function - bad ui and dummy ui and misconfigured funtionalities!!!

the link document link in the shedule page and letter creation on Correspondence page is not working so please fix it correctly

d please component all tasks listed in the root TASKS md markdown file and after completing it please make sure to run our dx flow again correctly and wait for my new command!

Please look at our dashboard side bar. The side header has a breadcrumb component. It's working fine for most of the pages, but in our project we have many slack pages. In those slack pages, our breadcrumb component is becoming useless, as we are putting a simple breadcrumb item. It would be nicer or better if we can put the title of the slack pages instead of the dummy breadcrumb component. Look for every side bar slack pages and, in those slack pages, try to configure all the titles or equivalents to that, which are smaller and indicate the slack page content, so it will be a better UI.

No, you are hopeless - so just totally study current data-table in our projects page as its the rigth implementation and let me know as we will need to implement this data-table correctly in other places so that's why you have to learn about the current implmenetaion correctly

The data source will change as it will integrated with the actual data from the database in different places - so please search our dashboard pages who uese custom tr and tables and list them for me

And previously the datables inside din't have the filters so they implemented filters on the top of the data-tables but in our new data-tables the fitlers comes as the packages so current on the top there are top filters boxes so please remove the previous old filters in those pages!!!

And aabout the breadcum components in the there - it should get the route slug details and check what parent its in and then if its a projects then match the id to the slug project's title and show that tilte there and for different pages like all sidebar items slug parent it will do its different and show their smalltest qualifier opssible
In order to do this, first of all, list all the admin pages that have a select page. We have to study all of those select pages so that we can implement the smallest identity unique identifier in the breakdown when we go to those pages.

Good, now please lint and format all files and folder and please fix all the errors an warnigs you get!!!

Now the dynamic numbers are showing but after some time like isn't its possible to render that dynamic numbers breadcum as soon as the page laods in those slugs pages too

and in the http://localhost:3000/projects/319cb9f4-3076-44f0-a603-c94e946f2616 page bredcum its showing "Project Details" instead of the uniqe numbers

there are typescript error when we do bun tsc --noEmit and also - please lint and format all files and after than please build this project and then run vercel deploy --prod to deploy this project to vercel correctly

LMC8.4 with friday ai
